Fix bug in filegeneration editor not resetting while changing elements (#663)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/clever-seas-study.md

---
"@finos/legend-studio": patch
---

> Fix bug in filegeneration editor not resetting while changing elements

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Fix bug in `FileGenerationEditor` not resetting while changing elements (see [#142](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/142)] for more details).
````
